Prepare for 1.1.0 (#1439)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.0
* Added React Native macOS debugging support: [more info](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native#react-native-for-macos) [#1409](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1409)

> * Added support for `openExpoQR` debugging argument allowing to not show QR Code when Expo server is ready, also enhanced the workflow for Expo server starting [#1413](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1413)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for `openExpoQR` debugging argument determining whether to open a tab with a QR code after launching the Expo server or not. Enhanced the workflow for Expo server starting [#1413](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1413)
```

* Fixed launch scenarios for iOS direct debugging [#1430](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1430)

> * Values in the `target` debug scenario argument are no longer replaced by UDID in cases the existing simulator name is already used [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)

Author: ```suggestion
* Values in the `target` debug scenario argument are no longer replaced by UDID in cases the existing simulator name is already used there [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)
```

> * Values in the `target` debug scenario argument are no longer replaced by UDID in cases the existing simulator name is already used there [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Values in the `target` debug scenario argument are no longer replaced by UDID in case the existing simulator name is already used there [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)
```

> * Fixed replacing `target` iOS debug scenarios argument in cases if the value is the existing iOS simulator name, e.g. `'target': 'iPhone 8'` [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)

Author: ```suggestion
* Values in the `target` debug scenario argument are no longer replaced by UDID in cases the existing simulator name is already used [#1431](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/pull/1431)
```
